Update the Notification documentation to introduce the placeholder keywords. (#1951)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/reference/architecture/_index.en.md

![Topics](flowchart-email-notifications-process.drawio.svg "Flow chart including Kafka topics for email notification processing")
{{% /expandlarge %}}

{{% expandlarge id="notifications-topic-process-sms" header="Flow chart for SMS notification processing" %}}
![Topics](flowchart-sms-notifications-process.drawio.svg "Flow chart including Kafka topics for SMS notification processing")
{{% /expandlarge %}}

## System and service dependencies 
### Internal

> - **Altinn Authorization**: used to authorize access to endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Altinn Authorization**: used to filter recipients being sent to an organization.
```

- **Altinn Profile**: used to retrieve recipient information.
- **Altinn Register**: used to retrieve recipient information.

> {{% notice info %}}

Reviewer: I think the notice can be removed. Content is misleading.
